Quote all alphabetic defaults. (#7660)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/cat/cat-aliases.md

Parameter | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---

> local | Boolean | Whether to return information from the local node only instead of from the master node. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
local | Boolean | Whether to return information from the local node only instead of from the cluster manager node. Default is `false`.
```
